So, we will talk like that. Oh, see your screen, listen. It's it's not moving.
Okay.
Hai.
Okay, so we're talking about hikikomori. So...
What kind of event going back. Have you been to Japan, so far?
Okay. Oh, Last year? Oh, okay.
Uh-huh.
Oh, okay.
Oh, okay, okay.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It can't really do that. Ohhhh...
Yeah.
Really?
Wow! That is so interesting. Yeah.
Okay. Okay.
Oh, really?
Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Sure. Sure.
Really? Even though you speak the language and everything.
Those are your people exactly.
Oh, yes.
Uh-huh.
Okay... Wow... Okay.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. Where you wanted to go. Wow, that's interesting.
And the, that's why so you, when you move back here
the now and now you're going to all see rise, right?
uh... and
And how is that with you, now you have more Japanese friends, Japanese speaking friends.
Okay well. I don't understand Cathleen and Naoko can be Japanese.
I don't think they're really Japanese.
They only speak Japanese, but they're not Japanese. Yeah.
But anyway, I don't think you can call them Japanese friends.
But anyway, so do you have like a true Japanese friend?
Yeah.
um..
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Oh.
Like last year? Osaka? Oh, really? Okay.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You started to kind of make those friends.
Okay. So, in
in OC rise right now.
Um... What other thing
that you're kind of trying to do to learn more about Japanese and things like that?
Is anything else happening or doing for you?
Okay.
mmm... Okay. Okay.
Okay. Aahhh... about the culture and all that?
About the language. Okay. Okay.
Oh, wow. sure, sure.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay. Okay.
Sure, sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.
Sure, sure. Got it. Got it.
That, that informed. Yeah.
Just like you go see  your.... threat. But anyway.
Yeah, what are people doing? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.
What about like, you know now we have more international Japanese students coming
coming over.
uh...
Okay.